## Generation Upon Generation

Inter-generational harm is a typical outcome, or rather, a designed outcome of warfare. The next generation of children of a competing or an opposing nation who will become adult soldiers or combatants, are deliberately harmed to reduce their fitness and growth potential, by using biochemical, religious, and socio-economic tools. 

Take for example the nation that the British had dubbed as India; all of South Asia eventually bore the brunt of Britain's losses in World War I and II. And then Europe converted India into a landfill for their e-waste and all other manner of industrial effluents. That is how India became impoverished and eventually also suffered international trade embargoes because of its erstwhile colonial rulers, and because the various "democratic" leaders of the newly formed Republic of India weren't particularly well-experienced in dealing with international relations. 

Britain and America had claimed victory over Nazi-Germany, Italy, and Imperial Japan, via the creation of the International Bank of Settlements (IBS), the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), and the United Nations (UN). The architecture and designs of those entities with their headquarters were created within Western Europe, in the nineteen-forties and fifties. Then, due to the use and abuse of those entities by various factions, the war for imperial conquests, between NATO's professional troops and Non-European regions of the world with newly formed countries, did not end then and there in 1945 at European shores. 

So the British decided to carve up South Asia into Pakistan, India, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Bhutan, and Bangladesh with the help of local "leaders" in those regions who had an ambition to become the head of a state. Similarly, the American, French, Dutch and British governments also gashed, slashed, and burned the region they dubbed as "the Middle-East", so that tribal rulers could be cordoned as protectorates of Britain and the US. This bit of knowledge about how the remnants of the British Empire have continued to sap the world like parasites, is of course, very old news. Also, for many people, there is nothing surprising or intriguing in learning about how Anglo-Saxon colonialists and monarchists have continued to use the concept of "divide and conquer", to destabilize erstwhile colonies throughout the world. However, the British have repeatedly lost to the Russians and the Chinese, mainly due to the vast inner landscape of Asia that prevented and still prevents the British Navy from making any significant conquests using Anglo-American "expeditionary units", with their Anglicized doctrine of achieving supremacy and dominance, over all other ethnic groups on the face of the Earth.  

So, that which cannot be conquered via the belligerence of brute-force can sometimes be subdued through the guile of "soft power." 

Similar to drug-lords with their opium or cocaine empires, America started to give various countries a taste of Petro-Dollars after WWII via the [US-AID program](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_Agency_for_International_Development), the way drug-peddlers initially give a taste of their drugs for free, to unsuspecting minors and working class people, to get those targeted people hooked on the drug. 

Once the target group is hooked on the drug, the peddlers jack up the price of their drug while controlling its supply, to the point of making the addicts do "whatever it takes", to get their next fix. The drug and its supply channel becomes the noose and the leash around the subdued group's neck. The US-AID operated exactly in that manner, to subdue countries using the noose of Petro-Dollars.  

However, countries which realized that they needed to preserve their own linguistic and cultural identity in order to be able to form their own laws and standards, particularly to govern their natural resources with autonomy, continued to fight against NATO's version of "globalization." That war of the worlds, the war between the different super-powers, is still continuing. 

Sadly, Ukraine, Serbia, Montenegro, Bosnia, Kosovo, Albania, and Macedonia, along with Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan have come to learn things the hard way, that they were merely pawns within the perpetual war between "The Western" and "The Eastern" super-powers. The whole of Central and South America, Africa, and Oceania have also, similarly learned the hard way, that they will only ever be treated as objects or tokens of conquest, by imperialists and white-supremacists of First World countries. 

So, now that the very concept and idea of Petro-Dollars is already a fiat currency, throughout the world, US-AID as a supply-chain for peddling American money in the form of welfare or relief among "Third World" countries, and in war-torn or devastated regions of the world, isn't needed anymore for furthering the aims of new-age American white-supremacists and Neo-Nazis.  

Also, the fitness of existing and upcoming generations of people in many countries have already been handicapped to the extent that billions of people in the so-called Global South, have a meek and diminutive sense of self-worth and self-esteem, which is naturally conducive to being subordinate to the rule of white-supremacists. Anything other than servility is seen as a threat, and is labeled as rudeness, brashness, hubris, and uncivilized behavior, by supremacists. 

In all of this, why has China been utterly defiant to becoming subordinate to western rulers who claim to be "The Lords of The Realm?" More importantly, how has China been able to remain defiant and unyielding to the pressures of getting subdued by white-supremacists? 

The Chinese simply decided to be a nation in their own right, so that they could maintain their true identity without being white-washed. That is all there is to becoming a sovereign nation and maintaining cultural contiguity across space and time, by simply deciding to do so, and then doing it with complete zeal and unwavering focus. 

Unlike China which abandoned the idea of building a nation on the basis of a temple-economy, more than a thousand years ago, India is still grappling with the idea of being a sovereign nation with a "cohesive cultural basis and outlook." Are Hindu motifs and philosophical ideas the only and true identity that define an Indian? 

The whole of Indian diaspora throughout the world, is more than two billion people strong, and a majority of them cannot care to define their daily schedules based on any religion's ideals of what a human being is, and what a good person ought to be engaged in, on any given day. They, like the majority of people, of any other origin on this planet, mainly care about making a decent and sustainable living through dignified and earnest work, for having sufficient physical and socio-economic control over various choices in their personal and private lives, without the interference of any so-called supreme leader's dictum. 

Satellite imagery and commercial data shows that most people in China, on a daily basis, are more concerned about how to be healthy and productive as individuals, based on their personal and private capacity to deal with an impending future, than constantly chasing after ways of earning social currency to gain a higher status and position within the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), as "dues paying members" of the CCP. 

What the future beholds for humanity and the world as a whole, is far greater than any religious or political ideology that any single human being can fathom. The set of narratives and mythologies sold by a ruling party's inner circle in each country, shapes the worldviews of a country's population, particularly so that the "productive and valuable" citizens of that country can withstand and survive a today, towards a tomorrow, by using a ruling or a popular party's peddled "visions" of a better tomorrow. However, the rest of physical nature in Earth's environment and in the Universe, cannot care about any human being's sense of existing reality, and of the reality that is about to come into existence, in the near as well as in the far future. 

The successive leaders of the CCP managed to figure out that prioritizing the neuro-endocrine and lymphatic health of "the governed people who are endowed with creative minds", in a sustainable ecology, would produce a healthier demographic for China, than only focusing on the musculo-skeletal health of "indentured laborers." 

Factory owners and landlords, particularly monarchic and supremacist lords of a manor or a giga-factory, have only ever needed laborers with sufficient physical fitness without creative skills, because those supremacists have always assumed that all of the creative fiat from "God", was already gifted and granted to them as systems architects and leaders, via their so-called "pure bloodline and heritage." 

>**Similar to the way there were cotton-picking "niggers" who were owned as slaves by colonialists in the previous era, there are now data-picking "sand-niggers" who are practically serfs and slaves belonging to owners of multi-national corporations, in the current digital age. And India's caste system conveniently serves all the possible varieties of sand-niggers that corporate lords from NATO countries can ever need or want.** 

It is true that a majority of the population in India and in its neighboring countries, is still suffering the dire consequences of impoverishment and poverty, which was levied upon the regions of South and South-East Asia as a punishment by Britain, for attempting to become independent nation-states or Republics by separating from the United Kingdom. 

British monarchists have continued to misuse and abuse the mysteries and privileges garnered and usurped by them, through the rites and rituals that originally belonged to several other peoples. So, whenever those monarchs and monarchists claim that they only serve a "ceremonial role" in the United Kingdom, they are conveniently glossing over the fact through those ceremonies, they are able to erode and whitewash the native culture of indigenous peoples in this world. 

The Russians, the Irish, and especially the Chinese, realized early on that, allowing any foreign ruler in a distant land to have even a so-called ceremonial role in the governance of their country, through which the citizens of their country would end up wittingly or unwitting pledging allegiance or fealty, to that distant monarch and to his or her hereditary heirs, would only result in a punctured and a tattered version of independent self-governance within their own country. So, by the time Indians figured that out, India had already been put on a leash by the UN, to become NATO's guard dog for guarding the Himalayan mountain ranges to prevent people of Central Asia from gaining access to the seas via rivers and waterways. 

The resource-rich regions of Central Asia spanning from Asia Minor in the West to Tibet in the East, and the Arctic in the North to Ladakh in the South, would cause the people of that region and the whole of Asia to become richer and more prosperous and independent, compared to the US or the UK, if those Central Asian people were to regain control of the Silk Route and gain accesses to oceanic freight through Indian waterways. That of course, would upset the balance of power and absolutely disrupt the "uni-polar" worldview with its "international 'rules' based order" of NATO and its allies. 

All of the people of the Middle-East and South Asia can uplift themselves as a collective and as individual nations, if we were to build electrified railways connecting Shanghai and Istanbul via India. There are already electrified rail lines powered by *the nuclear industry,* that efficiently and cleanly connect cities of China with cities of Netherlands for high-bandwidth business and tourism via Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, while completely skipping and circumventing India and the Indian Ocean.  

Therefore, the idea of ***One Asia*** is much more economically useful and viable in a militaristic and political sense for the people of Asia, than ideas like the Turkish Mavi Vatan, the Indian Akhand Bharat, or the Chinese Yīgè Zhōngguó. Most importantly, One Asia or a United Asia could repair the inter-generational harm and damage still being suffered by Asian, African, and Indo-Pacific peoples, especially that damage and harm which was thrust upon people of color by particular Euro-centric colonialists who wanted to, and still want to, only pillage and plunder the world. 

A stronger and a unified Asia with interoperable systems, and as a leader in the multi-polar world with its federated, independent sovereign nation-states, would be a far better example for the world to follow, than a European Union. 