## Welcome to World War III

The concept of "crisis" in psychology alludes to a situation when the demands thrust upon a person, happen to exceed that person's capacity to adequately meet those demands without detriment to themselves and their habitat. Typically, the demand is a socio-economic one, coupled with scarcity of time and physical ability to meet those demands. A simple way to alleviate a sense of being overwhelmed or overburdened by daily chores, is to put aside any such tasks that don't seem to produce an immediate downside to functioning at the lowest energy possible, with the lowest effort spent towards meeting expectations or pressing concerns. However, that type of a short-term strategy for survival can have problematic consequences in the long run, when appropriate activities for capacity building aren't planned and carried out. 

More importantly, whose expectations and concerns, and by which standard of living are to be met? The answer to such a question is dependent on individual circumstances, is it not? 

Though published social scientists and psychologists would like to believe that certain foundational societal expectations and cultural norms exist, which ought to be fulfilled by each "normal" human being, in any part of the world during any era, in order to be accepted by others and by themselves as a "good" human being, the only function that every human individual eventually experiences, is that of learning things on their own terms, at their own pace, irrespective of the opportunities available to them during the time period between exiting a womb, to laying in a final resting place. 

Of course, the idea of becoming worked up about achieving goals or tasks during the passing weeks, months, and years, is more for those who haven't died sufficiently many times,[^1] and for those who do not appreciate the true and genuinely infinite nature of time, universe, life, and mere existence. Having said that, the day-to-day experiences of dealing with stresses and strains in their multitudinous forms, don't exactly tend to become quickly assuaged or resolved, by that realization of having unlimited universe abound on all sides of one's presence. Too often, the portion of the seemingly plentiful resources that are otherwise available in the universe, are simply not accessible to most human beings, and are far too meager, at any given point in time and place, to produce a worthwhile sense of satisfaction. In fact, it is so tiny and minute for billions of existent people, that it might not be sufficient for sustaining basic healthy living for those people, due to inaccessibility of fresh and unpolluted air, water, soil, and nutritious food, in a peacefully housed community. 

As such, the natural biological course of development that a person experiences due to aging, is inseparable from the natural course of development of their habitat, irrespective of their sense of identity or personality, and regardless of any conceivable standard of measurement, of their personal health and wealth. 

What then is the likelihood that a new born or an existent person in any part of this Earth, will have a healthier life, given that every tomorrow of the next five years is guaranteed to be more polluted than every today, throughout the planet, because of war-time industrial production and economic policies having already been adopted, by all "First World" countries? 

[^1]: Each day thousands of people end up dying throughout the world, often in a hospital, and then become revived through medical procedures. It is a rather common occurrence. The seconds or minutes of being biologically dead, or having a near-death experience, produces a slightly different perspective on life, for some. You might have heard the expression, "live today as if it is your last one and you will be able to live it to the fullest." But, if you somehow happen to be alive today because yesterday was already your last one, then today is quite the bonus, isn't it? One can then decide what they would like to do with their bonus day. And contrary to religious views on this topic, the simple biological and statistical view, is easier to comprehend and expect: bio-chemical death for a few seconds or minutes, isn't cybernetic death, because cybernetic death takes eons, with every aspect of an entity becoming erased, including its absence, from the entirety of the universe. 